hello everyone I'm here to do a review
of
the Sony PlayStation Move charging
cradle this is Sony's official version
and before this one I tried the
Energizer one but there was some issues
with that particular version that I just
cannot keep or even recommend to you
guys and there are reasons why this
particular one actually works a lot
better than me than the Energizer
version which is actually really nice
about these is that in if you notice
with these controllers it's not really
going to show up too well but they got
these old holes on each side and that
corresponds with these little these
little things that sticks out and that's
that's meant to hold it in place so you
put it in and that's it what's really
nice about these unlike some of the
third-party versions these things
actually go inside they actually act
independently so the energizer weren't
for example it was actually just one
piece and that calls you get the hole
down the base really hard and you ain't
get out well if this just goes in like
that I mean I don't have to let this up
I don't have to hold the base down it's
recommending that you do but I certainly
don't really have to
that's pretty much it there's really not
much else to talk about except that
these work beautifully these are
actually some of the best Chargers in
terms of smoothness doing things
smoother than this in my opinion are the
induction Chargers obviously there's no
induction things inside of these so this
is what you get
but they're really really easy to get on
that's pretty much it
these retail for 20 bucks for 20 bucks
this is really nice really well-made
there's actually a nice little weight to
it the only downside is that because the
top is shiny it's gonna be fingerprint
magnet and it's unfortunate but that's
really just